This Xiao family's Heavenly Temple woman put it away to deal with
How we resist is a dead end?
Ah, Instructor Qingming
What should we do now?
I don't know.
I killed this man and said I wanted to break the marriage
It was the two of you who said you wanted to return it first.
Now it's getting out of hand
You should take the initiative to solve the problem.
Really, how do you know this?
Can become the leader of the Temple of Heaven
And the benevolent emperor of the Xiao family
No matter what, I can't break the marriage.
If you close it, it will be with your two families
Your house is killing you all
When I said I was going to break the marriage
Where are your hands and feet?
What are you doing now?
I'm not fooled either
Anyway, you two did it for me again.
You're going to die, you two, I'm not going to die with you
How many of you just now?
He also killed the unicorn with us
Hmph, just rely on the character of the yamen who must report
Do you think he will let you go?
All right, shut up
How do you know my daughter is the saintess of Yunze
Haha, what can the Xiao family and the Temple of Heaven do together?
The secular red dust is vulnerable in front of the hermit sect
It's really a disaster
You don't even know it.
What kind of existence will you face?
You two do it
I want to see who dares to do it today